Ufix ltd Code of Conduct for Employees – Company Policy

Preamble
Our Employee Code of Conduct company policy outlines our expectations regarding employees’ behaviour towards their colleagues, supervisors and overall organization.
It is expected of each employee that they follow this policy in every aspect of their work. They are expected to make the workplace as friendly and open as possible, and to foster a well-organized, respectful and collaborative environment.
This document applies to all member of the company, regardless of their position or rank.
Legal
All employees must protect our company’s legality. All aspects of the law such as environmental and safety must be adhered to at all times, and employees are expected to act ethically and responsibly when acting in the company’s name.
If you are concerned with the legal practice of any employee of the company, this must be reported directly to a superior or logged into the HR system. The company holds the right to immediately terminate an employee’s contract if they fail to comply with the law.
Company Property
All employees should treat our company’s property, whether material or intangible, with respect and care.
Employees are expected to use any property given to them for company business only. Employees should protect company facilities and other material property (e.g. company laptops) from damage and vandalism, whenever possible. Damage or loss of company property must be reported to HR, and failing to return property on time will result in a disciplinary action being logged against you.
Professional Practice
All employees must show integrity and professionalism in the workplace:
Employees are expected to dress appropriately for the workplace in accordance to the company’s dress code. Accepting any gift from clients is strongly discouraged, and briberies of any kind are not tolerated and may result in immediate termination of contract.
Employees should follow their schedules. Punctuality is expected of all employees, although exceptions can be made in accentuating circumstances – these must be reported to HR at the earliest possible stage. Failing to arrive for work on time will result in a “late to work” disciplinary action. If the lack of punctuality persists, the company withholds the right to terminate said employee’s contract.
Policies
All employees should read and follow our company policies. If they have any questions, they should ask their managers or Human Resources (HR) department.
