Business Ethics & Conduct

This code of ethics and professional conduct outlines the ethical principles that govern decisions and behaviour at Ufix. They give general outlines of how employees should behave, as well as specific guidance for handling issues like harassment, safety, and conflicts of interest.

Be patient and courteous
Be inclusive
 We welcome and support people of all backgrounds and identities. This includes, but is not limited to members of any sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, social and economic class, educational level, colour, immigration status, sex, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, and mental and physical ability.
Be considerate
 We all depend on each other to produce the best work we can as a company. Your decisions will affect clients and colleagues, and you should take those consequences into account when making decisions.
Be respectful
We won't all agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for disrespectful behaviour. We will all experience frustration from time to time, but we cannot allow that frustration become personal attacks. An environment where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive or creative one.
Choose your words carefully
Always conduct yourself professionally. Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down others. Harassment and exclusionary behaviour aren't acceptable. This includes, but is not limited to: - Threats of violence. - Discriminatory jokes and language. - Sharing sexually explicit or violent material via electronic devices or other means. – Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms. - Unwelcome sexual attention. - Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behaviour.
Repeated harassment of others
In general, if someone asks you to stop something, then stop.
When we disagree, try to understand why
Differences of opinion and disagreements are mostly unavoidable. What is important is that we resolve disagreements and differing views constructively.
Our differences can be our strengths

We can find strength in diversity. Different people have different perspectives on issues, and that can be valuable for solving problems or generating new ideas. Being unable to understand why someone holds a viewpoint doesn’t mean that they’re wrong. Don’t forget that we all make mistakes, and blaming each other doesn’t get us anywhere.
Instead, focus on resolving issues and learning from mistakes.