Confidentiality & Non-Disclosure Policy

This policy applies to all employees of UFIX LTD, including board members, investors, contractors and volunteers, who may have access to confidential information.
 
Policy brief & purpose
This policy is designed for company confidentiality and non-disclosure to explain how we expect our employees to treat confidential information. Employees will unavoidably receive and handle personal and private information about clients, partners and our company. We want to make sure that this information is well-protected.
We must protect this information for two reasons. It may:
*  잹e legally binding (e.g. sensitive customer data.)
*  Constitute the backbone of our business, giving us a competitive advantage (e.g. business processes.)
What employees of UFIX LTD should do:
*  젨젨젨젨Lock or secure confidential information at all times
*  젨젨젨젨Shred confidential documents when they뭨e no longer needed
*  젨젨젨젨Make sure they only view confidential information on secure devices
*  젨젨젨젨Only disclose information to other employees when it뭩 necessary and authorized 
What employees OF UFIX LTD shouldn뭪 do:
 젨젨젨젨Use confidential information for any personal benefit or profit
 젨젨젨젨Disclose confidential information to anyone outside of our company
 젨젨젨젨Replicate confidential documents and files and store them on insecure devices
When employees stop working for our company, they뭨e obliged to return any confidential files and delete them from their personal devices.
Confidentiality Measures:
 
We뭠l take measures to ensure that confidential information is well protected. We뭠l:
 젨젨젨젨Store and lock paper documents
 젨젨젨젨Encrypt electronic information and safeguard databases
 젨젨젨젨Ask employees to sign non-compete and/or non-disclosure agreements (NDAs)
 젨젨젨젨Ask for authorization by senior management to allow employees to access certain confidential information

Non-disclosure:
 
Each Ufix employee signs our non-disclosure policy. A copy is included below and states:
 
I agree that I will hold confidentially any and all knowledge or information that I may obtain in the course of my employment with UFIX LTD or from working with UFIX LTD clients and with respect to the secret processes, sensitive or personal information. Used by UFIX or UFIX clients in delivering its services.
 
I will keep confidential information so long as that information remains confidential and is not otherwise available in the public domain.