Discipline and Termination Policy 

PURPOSE OF POLICY
The objectives of Ufix’s policy are to:
·         correct and/or improve the standard of conduct of an employee where appropriate or necessary;
·         provide any particular employee with an opportunity to correct unacceptable conduct (other than in situations where summary dismissal is appropriate);
·         ensure that all employees are treated fairly, equally and consistently; and
·         ensure that each situation is reviewed and addressed on an individual basis and in relation to the particular circumstances.
 
APPLICATION OF THIS POLICY
This Policy applies to all employees of Ufix. This Policy does not form part of any contract between an employee and Ufix.
The operation of this Policy is not limited to the workplace or work hours. This Policy extends to all functions and places that are work-related or out of work conduct of the employee that may impact on Ufix. A work related function is any function that is connected to work, for example work lunches, conferences, Connect Group meetings etc. Employees must comply with this Policy at all work-related functions. This Policy also applies when employees go to other places in connection with work, for example, when visiting church and community members, suppliers and contractor’s premises.
In circumstances where an employee’s behaviour or conduct may involve a breach of any Australian law, Ufix may notify the police or other relevant government authority.
 
GROUNDS FOR DISCIPLINARY ACTION
An employee may be the subject of disciplinary action for matters relating to their performance, capacity or conduct, including (but not limited to) the following:
·         Unsatisfactory Performance
·         Unacceptable Conduct
·         Wilful or Serious Misconduct

DISCIPLINARY PROCEDURE
The procedures outlined below are intended as a GUIDE ONLY to the disciplinary procedures which may be implemented by Ufix. In every case, the actual disciplinary procedure to be adopted will be a matter for the individual manager or supervisor’s discretion and in consideration of the circumstances of the case as a whole. Nothing in this Policy prevents Ufix from issuing a final warning at any stage of the process. Similarly, if the circumstances warrant, nothing in this Policy prevents Ufix from dismissing an employee at any stage of the procedure, for example in circumstances involving wilful or serious misconduct by an employee.

Pastors/Managers should consult with the Human Resources Manager before commencing any disciplinary procedures.
 
Investigation
Depending on the circumstances it may be necessary to conduct an investigation into the incident and/or allegations. This may involve collecting relevant data and interviewing relevant witnesses, such as the employee’s co-workers or supervisors, or even customers and suppliers with whom the employee has had contact. Ufix will endeavour to investigate all allegations of unsatisfactory performance, unacceptable conduct, or wilful or serious misconduct by an employee fairly and promptly.
If Ufix believes that following an allegation of unacceptable behaviour it would be inappropriate for an employee to remain at work, Ufix may suspend the employee from duty on ordinary pay pending completion of an investigation. In such circumstances, the employee will be informed in writing of the conditions of the suspension at the time of the suspension.
 
Disciplinary interview
If on the basis of the investigation, Ufix believes that there is a case to be answered by the employee, the employee may be asked to attend a meeting to discuss the issue(s) of concern.
The following procedure will generally be followed:
1)    The employee will be given advance notice of the meeting and what will be discussed at the meeting.
2)    The employee will be given a reasonable opportunity to have a co-worker present at the meeting.
3)    At the meeting the issue(s) of concern or allegations will be put to the employee, including any evidence upon which those concerns or allegations are based.
4)    The employee will be given an adequate opportunity to respond to the concerns or allegations.
5)    The manager will consider the employee’s response and make any further enquires or investigations that may be necessary.
6)    After making any further enquiries or investigations which may be necessary and after consideration of the response or explanation of the employee, the manager/supervisor will determine whether the concern(s) or allegations have been proven.
7)    If it is determined that all or some of the concerns or allegations are proven and after consideration of:
(i)    The seriousness of the poor performance/misconduct;
(ii)   The response or explanation given by the employee;
(iii)  The employee’s employment history and record; and
(iv)  Whether there are appropriate and reasonable alternatives to termination, the manager/supervisor will make a decision on what, if any, disciplinary action is appropriate.
Disciplinary Action
This Policy outlines a number of formal and informal ways of dealing with employees whose performance, capacity or conduct is unsatisfactory or otherwise unacceptable.
The disciplinary action taken will vary from case to case, depending upon all of the circumstances, including a consideration of whether the employee has received any prior verbal or written warnings in relation to their performance, capacity or conduct.
Regardless of whatever disciplinary action is imposed, any further unsatisfactory performance, unacceptable conduct or misconduct of any kind may result in the dismissal of the employee.
Informal Disciplinary Action
Examples of informal disciplinary action which may be taken by Ufix include, but are not limited to, the following:
·         Redirection, retraining;
·         Reorganisation/redeployment; and
·         counselling.
Informal disciplinary action is not appropriate where the employee’s conduct amounts to wilful or serious misconduct.
Formal Disciplinary Action
Examples of formal disciplinary action which may be taken by Ufix include, but are not limited to, the following:
Verbal warning/counselling; 